com/android/gallery3d/data/ComboSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ComboSource
com/android/gallery3d/anim/CanvasAnimation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.anim.CanvasAnimation
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleStoreCountryCodeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleStoreCountryCodeBox
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ExifTag.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifTag
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageRotate.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageRotate
com/android/gallery3d/ui/SelectionMenu.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SelectionMenu
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorRotate.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorRotate
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorRotate$1
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleNetworkBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleNetworkBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/Log.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.Log
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageRedEye.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageRedEye
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleCoverBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleCoverBox
com/android/photos/drawables/AutoThumbnailDrawable.java
 com.android.photos.drawables.AutoThumbnailDrawable
 com.android.photos.drawables.AutoThumbnailDrawable$1
 com.android.photos.drawables.AutoThumbnailDrawable$2
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/HighresRenderingRequestTask.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.HighresRenderingRequestTask
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.HighresRenderingRequestTask$Render
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.HighresRenderingRequestTask$RenderResult
com/android/gallery3d/data/LocalSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalSource
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalSource$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalSource$IdComparator
com/android/gallery3d/settings/GallerySettings.java
 com.android.gallery3d.settings.GallerySettings
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/ObjectDescriptorBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.ObjectDescriptorBox
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ExifInterface.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$ColorSpace
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$ComponentsConfiguration
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$Compression
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$Contrast
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$ExposureMode
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$ExposureProgram
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$FileSource
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$Flash
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GainControl
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GpsAltitudeRef
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GpsDifferential
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GpsLatitudeRef
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GpsLongitudeRef
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GpsMeasureMode
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GpsSpeedRef
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GpsStatus
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$GpsTrackRef
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$LightSource
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$MeteringMode
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$Orientation
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$PhotometricInterpretation
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$PlanarConfiguration
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$ResolutionUnit
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$Saturation
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$SceneCapture
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$SceneType
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$SensingMethod
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$Sharpness
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$SubjectDistance
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$WhiteBalance
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInterface$YCbCrPositioning
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/PictureParameterSet.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.PictureParameterSet
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.PictureParameterSet$PPSExt
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ColorChooser.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ColorChooser
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ColorChooser$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ColorChooser$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ColorChooser$3
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleSynopsisBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleSynopsisBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleReferenceMovieBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleReferenceMovieBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/provider/SharedImageProvider.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.provider.SharedImageProvider
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilter
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilter$1
android/util/Pools.java
 android.util.Pools
 android.util.Pools$Pool
 android.util.Pools$SimplePool
 android.util.Pools$SynchronizedPool
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/builder/Mp4Builder.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.Mp4Builder
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ContainerBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ContainerBox
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/SimpleDate.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.SimpleDate
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorCrop.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorCrop
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorCrop$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorCrop$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorCrop$AspectInfo
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/FilterShowActivity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$3
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$4
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$5
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$6
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$7
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$LoadBitmapTask
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.FilterShowActivity$LoadHighresBitmapTask
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/TitleBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.TitleBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/AlbumSetPage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$4
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$5
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$6
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$7
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$MyDetailsSource
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetPage$MyLoadingListener
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/MovieFragmentRandomAccessOffsetBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.MovieFragmentRandomAccessOffsetBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/AbstractFullBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.AbstractFullBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/AC3TrackImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.AC3TrackImpl
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageStraighten.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageStraighten
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageStraighten$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageStraighten$MODES
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorColorBorder.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorder
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorder$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorder$2
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SampleSizeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleSizeBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/EyePosition.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.EyePosition
 com.android.gallery3d.app.EyePosition$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.EyePosition$EyePositionListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.EyePosition$PositionListener
com/android/gallery3d/app/Wallpaper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Wallpaper
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/MtpBitmapFetch.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpBitmapFetch
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/ObjectDescriptorBase.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.ObjectDescriptorBase
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/Debug.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.Debug
com/android/photos/data/GalleryBitmapPool.java
 com.android.photos.data.GalleryBitmapPool
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SampleAuxiliaryInformationOffsetsBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleAuxiliaryInformationOffsetsBox
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/RawTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.RawTexture
com/android/gallery3d/data/ClusterAlbumSet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ClusterAlbumSet
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ClusterAlbumSet$1
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/adapter/MtpPagerAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.adapter.MtpPagerAdapter
com/googlecode/mp4parser/util/ByteBufferByteChannel.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.util.ByteBufferByteChannel
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/AbstractDescriptorBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.AbstractDescriptorBox
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/MultiLineTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.MultiLineTexture
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/SliderHue.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.SliderHue
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.SliderHue$1
com/android/gallery3d/util/XmpUtilHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.XmpUtilHelper
com/android/gallery3d/ui/DetailsAddressResolver.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsAddressResolver
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsAddressResolver$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsAddressResolver$1$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsAddressResolver$AddressLookupJob
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsAddressResolver$AddressResolvingListener
com/android/gallery3d/data/Path.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.Path
com/android/gallery3d/app/TrimControllerOverlay.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TrimControllerOverlay
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TrimControllerOverlay$1
com/android/photos/views/GalleryThumbnailView.java
 com.android.photos.views.GalleryThumbnailView
 com.android.photos.views.GalleryThumbnailView$1
 com.android.photos.views.GalleryThumbnailView$AdapterDataSetObserver
 com.android.photos.views.GalleryThumbnailView$GalleryThumbnailAdapter
 com.android.photos.views.GalleryThumbnailView$LayoutParams
 com.android.photos.views.GalleryThumbnailView$RecycleBin
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterDownsample.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterDownsample
com/android/photos/shims/MediaSetLoader.java
 com.android.photos.shims.MediaSetLoader
 com.android.photos.shims.MediaSetLoader$1
 com.android.photos.shims.MediaSetLoader$2
 com.android.photos.shims.MediaSetLoader$3
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/CachingPipeline.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.CachingPipeline
com/android/gallery3d/app/SinglePhotoPage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SinglePhotoPage
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/ScalingList.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.ScalingList
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SampleDependencyTypeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleDependencyTypeBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleDependencyTypeBox$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/data/ComboAlbumSet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ComboAlbumSet
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/CompositionShiftLeastGreatestAtom.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.CompositionShiftLeastGreatestAtom
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/sampleentry/TextSampleEntry.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.TextSampleEntry
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.TextSampleEntry$BoxRecord
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.TextSampleEntry$StyleRecord
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/RenderingRequestCaller.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.RenderingRequestCaller
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/apple/BaseMediaInfoAtom.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.apple.BaseMediaInfoAtom
com/android/photos/views/BlockingGLTextureView.java
 com.android.photos.views.BlockingGLTextureView
 com.android.photos.views.BlockingGLTextureView$1
 com.android.photos.views.BlockingGLTextureView$EglHelper
 com.android.photos.views.BlockingGLTextureView$RenderThread
com/android/photos/views/TiledImageRenderer.java
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageRenderer
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageRenderer$1
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageRenderer$Tile
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageRenderer$TileDecoder
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageRenderer$TileQueue
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageRenderer$TileSource
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/BitReaderBuffer.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.BitReaderBuffer
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorManager
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/UnknownDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.UnknownDescriptor
com/android/gallery3d/util/IntArray.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.IntArray
com/android/gallery3d/ui/SynchronizedHandler.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SynchronizedHandler
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/Action.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.Action
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/CategoryPanel.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.CategoryPanel
com/android/gallery3d/app/AlbumDataLoader.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumDataLoader
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumDataLoader$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumDataLoader$DataListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumDataLoader$GetUpdateInfo
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumDataLoader$MySourceListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumDataLoader$ReloadTask
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumDataLoader$UpdateContent
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumDataLoader$UpdateInfo
com/android/gallery3d/common/EntrySchema.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.EntrySchema
 com.android.gallery3d.common.EntrySchema$ColumnInfo
com/googlecode/mp4parser/util/UUIDConverter.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.util.UUIDConverter
com/android/gallery3d/app/SlideshowDataAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowDataAdapter
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowDataAdapter$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowDataAdapter$ReloadTask
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowDataAdapter$SlideshowSource
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowDataAdapter$SourceListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageMirror.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageMirror
com/android/gallery3d/data/BytesBufferPool.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.BytesBufferPool
 com.android.gallery3d.data.BytesBufferPool$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.BytesBufferPool$BytesBuffer
com/android/gallery3d/app/SinglePhotoDataAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SinglePhotoDataAdapter
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SinglePhotoDataAdapter$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SinglePhotoDataAdapter$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SinglePhotoDataAdapter$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SinglePhotoDataAdapter$ImageBundle
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/EclipseControl.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.EclipseControl
com/android/photos/data/PhotoProvider.java
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoProvider
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoProvider$Accounts
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoProvider$Albums
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoProvider$ChangeNotification
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoProvider$Metadata
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoProvider$Photos
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleGenericBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleGenericBox
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/BasicTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.BasicTexture
com/android/gallery3d/exif/IfdData.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.IfdData
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/FilterEnvironment.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.FilterEnvironment
com/android/gallery3d/data/DownloadEntry.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadEntry
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadEntry$Columns
com/android/gallery3d/data/Clustering.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.Clustering
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SubSampleInformationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SubSampleInformationBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SubSampleInformationBox$SampleEntry
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SubSampleInformationBox$SampleEntry$SubsampleEntry
com/android/gallery3d/common/AsyncTaskUtil.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.AsyncTaskUtil
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/DTSSpecificBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.DTSSpecificBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterHue.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterHue
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleStoreAccountTypeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleStoreAccountTypeBox
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/GLES11Canvas.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES11Canvas
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES11Canvas$1
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES11Canvas$ConfigState
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES11Canvas$GLState
com/android/gallery3d/app/MovieActivity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MovieActivity
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MovieActivity$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MovieActivity$2
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/BasicEditor.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.BasicEditor
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/MovieHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.MovieHeaderBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorRedEye.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorRedEye
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ClassificationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ClassificationBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/ExtensionDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.ExtensionDescriptor
com/android/gallery3d/data/FilterSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FilterSource
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/SharedPreset.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.SharedPreset
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/ESDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.ESDescriptor
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/StyleChooser.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.StyleChooser
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.StyleChooser$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.StyleChooser$2
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/adapter/MtpAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.adapter.MtpAdapter
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SampleTableBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleTableBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/ProcessingTask.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ProcessingTask
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ProcessingTask$Request
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ProcessingTask$Result
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ProcessingTask$Update
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/adapter/CheckBroker.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.adapter.CheckBroker
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.adapter.CheckBroker$OnCheckedChangedListener
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleGaplessPlaybackBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleGaplessPlaybackBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/adaptivestreaming/ManifestWriter.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.adaptivestreaming.ManifestWriter
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/GLES20IdImpl.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES20IdImpl
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageTinyPlanet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageTinyPlanet
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageTinyPlanet$1
com/android/gallery3d/ui/AlbumSlidingWindow.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlidingWindow
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlidingWindow$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlidingWindow$AlbumEntry
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlidingWindow$Listener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlidingWindow$PanoSupportListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlidingWindow$ThumbnailLoader
com/android/gallery3d/onetimeinitializer/GalleryWidgetMigrator.java
 com.android.gallery3d.onetimeinitializer.GalleryWidgetMigrator
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterImageBorderRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterImageBorderRepresentation
com/android/gallery3d/ui/DownUpDetector.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DownUpDetector
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DownUpDetector$DownUpListener
com/android/gallery3d/util/GalleryUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.GalleryUtils
 com.android.gallery3d.util.GalleryUtils$1
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/state/StatePanel.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.StatePanel
com/android/photos/GalleryActivity.java
 com.android.photos.GalleryActivity
 com.android.photos.GalleryActivity$TabsAdapter
 com.android.photos.GalleryActivity$TabsAdapter$TabInfo
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ByteBufferInputStream.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ByteBufferInputStream
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/ChromaFormat.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.ChromaFormat
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorValueView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorValueView
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/VideoMediaHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.VideoMediaHeaderBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleTvEpisodeNumberBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleTvEpisodeNumberBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/AlbumBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.AlbumBox
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/GLES11IdImpl.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES11IdImpl
com/android/gallery3d/ui/PhotoFallbackEffect.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoFallbackEffect
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoFallbackEffect$Entry
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoFallbackEffect$PositionProvider
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterStyles.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterStyles
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/InitialObjectDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.InitialObjectDescriptor
com/android/gallery3d/ui/CacheStorageUsageInfo.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.CacheStorageUsageInfo
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/piff/TfxdBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.TfxdBox
com/android/gallery3d/util/ReverseGeocoder.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ReverseGeocoder
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ReverseGeocoder$SetLatLong
com/android/gallery3d/ui/UndoBarView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.UndoBarView
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterVibrance.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterVibrance
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/FullBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.FullBox
com/android/gallery3d/ui/CaptureAnimation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.CaptureAnimation
com/android/gallery3d/exif/JpegHeader.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.JpegHeader
com/android/gallery3d/util/JobLimiter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.JobLimiter
 com.android.gallery3d.util.JobLimiter$JobWrapper
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/Movie.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.Movie
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/DataInformationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.DataInformationBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/container/mp4/MovieCreator.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.container.mp4.MovieCreator
com/android/gallery3d/app/AlbumSetDataLoader.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetDataLoader
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetDataLoader$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetDataLoader$DataListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetDataLoader$GetUpdateInfo
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetDataLoader$MySourceListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetDataLoader$ReloadTask
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetDataLoader$UpdateContent
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumSetDataLoader$UpdateInfo
com/android/gallery3d/data/ClusterSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ClusterSource
com/android/gallery3d/jpegstream/JpegConfig.java
 com.android.gallery3d.jpegstream.JpegConfig
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/BitWriterBuffer.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.BitWriterBuffer
com/android/gallery3d/data/SecureAlbum.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SecureAlbum
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SecureAlbum$1
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleTrackAuthorBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleTrackAuthorBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/Version.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.Version
com/android/gallery3d/common/Fingerprint.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.Fingerprint
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/read/CAVLCReader.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.read.CAVLCReader
com/android/gallery3d/util/PanoramaViewHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.PanoramaViewHelper
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/SimpleImageFilter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.SimpleImageFilter
com/android/gallery3d/app/MuteVideo.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MuteVideo
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MuteVideo$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MuteVideo$1$1
com/android/gallery3d/app/GalleryActivity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryActivity
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImagePoint.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImagePoint
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/MainPanel.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.MainPanel
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.MainPanel$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.MainPanel$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.MainPanel$3
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.MainPanel$4
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.MainPanel$5
com/android/gallery3d/app/ControllerOverlay.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ControllerOverlay
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ControllerOverlay$Listener
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/adobe/ActionMessageFormat0SampleEntryBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.adobe.ActionMessageFormat0SampleEntryBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterHighlights.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterHighlights
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/ImportTask.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.ImportTask
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.ImportTask$Listener
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/ObjectDescriptorFactory.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.ObjectDescriptorFactory
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleDataRateBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleDataRateBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/dece/TrickPlayBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.dece.TrickPlayBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.dece.TrickPlayBox$Entry
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleEncoderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleEncoderBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ProgressiveDownloadInformationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ProgressiveDownloadInformationBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ProgressiveDownloadInformationBox$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterCropRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterCropRepresentation
com/android/photos/BitmapRegionTileSource.java
 com.android.photos.BitmapRegionTileSource
com/android/gallery3d/util/LightCycleHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.LightCycleHelper
 com.android.gallery3d.util.LightCycleHelper$PanoramaMetadata
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterPoint.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterPoint
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterDrawRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterDrawRepresentation
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterDrawRepresentation$StrokeData
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/TrackFragmentBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.TrackFragmentBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ItemDataBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ItemDataBox
com/android/gallery3d/exif/CountedDataInputStream.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.CountedDataInputStream
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/MtpDeviceIndexRunnable.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpDeviceIndexRunnable
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpDeviceIndexRunnable$Factory
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpDeviceIndexRunnable$IndexingException
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpDeviceIndexRunnable$Results
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterDraw.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterDraw
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterDraw$Brush
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterDraw$DrawStyle
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterDraw$SimpleDraw
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/sampleentry/SubtitleSampleEntry.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.SubtitleSampleEntry
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/builder/ByteBufferHelper.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.ByteBufferHelper
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/Mp4TrackImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.Mp4TrackImpl
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/TrackFragmentBaseMediaDecodeTimeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.TrackFragmentBaseMediaDecodeTimeBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/BaseDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.BaseDescriptor
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/WidgetService.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetService
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetService$PhotoRVFactory
com/android/gallery3d/jpegstream/StreamUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.jpegstream.StreamUtils
com/android/photos/FullscreenViewer.java
 com.android.photos.FullscreenViewer
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/Oval.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.Oval
com/android/gallery3d/app/FilmstripPage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.FilmstripPage
com/android/photos/PhotoSetFragment.java
 com.android.photos.PhotoSetFragment
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/AuthorBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.AuthorBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/LocalImage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalImage
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalImage$LocalImageRequest
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalImage$LocalLargeImageRequest
com/android/gallery3d/common/OverScroller.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.OverScroller
 com.android.gallery3d.common.OverScroller$SplineOverScroller
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleCustomGenreBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleCustomGenreBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/sampleentry/AmrSpecificBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.AmrSpecificBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ColorSpaceMatrix.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ColorSpaceMatrix
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ExifOutputStream.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifOutputStream
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/SLConfigDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.SLConfigDescriptor
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ItemLocationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ItemLocationBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ItemLocationBox$Extent
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ItemLocationBox$Item
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/StaticChunkOffsetBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.StaticChunkOffsetBox
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ExifReader.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifReader
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/ResourceTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.ResourceTexture
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/ImageOnlyEditor.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.ImageOnlyEditor
com/googlecode/mp4parser/AbstractContainerBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.AbstractContainerBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/adaptivestreaming/FlatPackageWriterImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.adaptivestreaming.FlatPackageWriterImpl
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/CenteredLinearLayout.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.CenteredLinearLayout
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/data/FilterStackDBHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.data.FilterStackDBHelper
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.data.FilterStackDBHelper$FilterStack
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/GLId.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLId
com/android/camera/CameraActivity.java
 com.android.camera.CameraActivity
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/RecordingYearBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.RecordingYearBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/NullMediaHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.NullMediaHeaderBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/FreeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.FreeBox
com/android/gallery3d/exif/IfdId.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.IfdId
com/android/gallery3d/ui/ProgressSpinner.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ProgressSpinner
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/builder/FragmentIntersectionFinder.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.FragmentIntersectionFinder
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ControlPoint.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ControlPoint
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/CopyrightBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.CopyrightBox
com/android/photos/AlbumFragment.java
 com.android.photos.AlbumFragment
com/android/gallery3d/data/SnailSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SnailSource
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorPickerDialog.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorPickerDialog
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorPickerDialog$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorPickerDialog$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorPickerDialog$3
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ActionSlider.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ActionSlider
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ActionSlider$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ActionSlider$2
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/builder/DefaultMp4Builder.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.DefaultMp4Builder
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.DefaultMp4Builder$1
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.DefaultMp4Builder$InterleaveChunkMdat
com/android/gallery3d/util/RangeIntArray.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.RangeIntArray
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/UnknownEntry.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.UnknownEntry
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/adaptivestreaming/PackageWriter.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.adaptivestreaming.PackageWriter
com/android/gallery3d/ui/GLRoot.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GLRoot
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GLRoot$OnGLIdleListener
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/TextTrackImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.TextTrackImpl
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.TextTrackImpl$Line
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterFx.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterFx
com/android/gallery3d/util/CacheManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.CacheManager
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterColorBorderRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterColorBorderRepresentation
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/Descriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.Descriptor
com/android/gallery3d/common/HttpClientFactory.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.HttpClientFactory
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterPointRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterPointRepresentation
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/MediaBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.MediaBox
com/android/photos/data/SQLiteContentProvider.java
 com.android.photos.data.SQLiteContentProvider
com/android/gallery3d/data/BucketHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.BucketHelper
 com.android.gallery3d.data.BucketHelper$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.BucketHelper$BucketEntry
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterBwFilter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterBwFilter
com/android/gallery3d/common/Scroller.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.Scroller
com/android/gallery3d/data/LocationClustering.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocationClustering
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocationClustering$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocationClustering$2
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocationClustering$Point
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocationClustering$SmallItem
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/adaptivestreaming/FlatManifestWriterImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.adaptivestreaming.FlatManifestWriterImpl
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.adaptivestreaming.FlatManifestWriterImpl$DependentSubstreamMask
com/android/gallery3d/data/MediaSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaSource
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaSource$PathId
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/TrackFragmentRandomAccessBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.TrackFragmentRandomAccessBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.TrackFragmentRandomAccessBox$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/data/ImageCacheService.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ImageCacheService
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/TrackHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.TrackHeaderBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/FilterTypeSet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FilterTypeSet
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FilterTypeSet$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FilterTypeSet$2
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorPanel.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorPanel
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorPanel$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorPanel$2
com/android/gallery3d/data/SnailItem.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SnailItem
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SnailItem$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SnailItem$2
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/GroupEntry.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.GroupEntry
com/android/gallery3d/ui/SlideshowView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlideshowView
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlideshowView$SlideshowAnimation
com/android/gallery3d/data/DecodeUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DecodeUtils
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DecodeUtils$DecodeCanceller
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/piff/PiffTrackEncryptionBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.PiffTrackEncryptionBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterCurvesRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterCurvesRepresentation
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleDataBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleDataBox
com/android/gallery3d/util/LinkedNode.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.LinkedNode
 com.android.gallery3d.util.LinkedNode$List
com/android/gallery3d/app/PhotoPageProgressBar.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPageProgressBar
com/coremedia/iso/IsoTypeWriter.java
 com.coremedia.iso.IsoTypeWriter
com/android/photos/data/PhotoSetLoader.java
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoSetLoader
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/BasicParameterStyle.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.BasicParameterStyle
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/piff/PiffSampleEncryptionBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.PiffSampleEncryptionBox
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/WidgetSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetSource
com/android/gallery3d/data/LocalVideo.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalVideo
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalVideo$LocalVideoRequest
com/android/gallery3d/ui/TileImageViewAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageViewAdapter
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ExifInvalidFormatException.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifInvalidFormatException
com/android/gallery3d/data/PathMatcher.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.PathMatcher
 com.android.gallery3d.data.PathMatcher$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.PathMatcher$Node
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/ScalingMatrix.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.ScalingMatrix
com/android/gallery3d/util/InterruptableOutputStream.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.InterruptableOutputStream
com/android/gallery3d/jpegstream/JPEGOutputStream.java
 com.android.gallery3d.jpegstream.JPEGOutputStream
com/android/gallery3d/data/ChangeNotifier.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ChangeNotifier
com/android/gallery3d/app/PickerActivity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PickerActivity
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/PipelineInterface.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.PipelineInterface
com/android/gallery3d/ui/Log.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.Log
com/android/gallery3d/app/Config.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Config
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Config$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Config$AlbumPage
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Config$AlbumSetPage
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Config$ManageCachePage
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleWaveBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleWaveBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/state/State.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.State
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/CacheProcessing.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.CacheProcessing
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.CacheProcessing$CacheStep
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/MovieFragmentRandomAccessBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.MovieFragmentRandomAccessBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/DataManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DataManager
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DataManager$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DataManager$DateTakenComparator
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DataManager$NotifyBroker
com/android/gallery3d/app/GalleryApp.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryApp
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleSortAlbumBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleSortAlbumBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/builder/TwoSecondIntersectionFinder.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.TwoSecondIntersectionFinder
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/GLES20Canvas.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES20Canvas
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES20Canvas$AttributeShaderParameter
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES20Canvas$ShaderParameter
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLES20Canvas$UniformShaderParameter
com/android/gallery3d/ui/EdgeView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.EdgeView
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/AudioSpecificConfig.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.AudioSpecificConfig
com/android/gallery3d/app/MoviePlayer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Bookmarker
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$4
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$5
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$6
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$7
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$8
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$9
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MoviePlayer$AudioBecomingNoisyReceiver
com/android/gallery3d/app/StitchingChangeListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.StitchingChangeListener
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/TiledTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.TiledTexture
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.TiledTexture$1
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.TiledTexture$Tile
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.TiledTexture$Uploader
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/state/StateAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.StateAdapter
com/android/photos/data/PhotoProviderAuthority.java
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoProviderAuthority
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorSVRectView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorSVRectView
com/android/photos/views/SquareImageView.java
 com.android.photos.views.SquareImageView
com/android/gallery3d/app/DialogPicker.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.DialogPicker
com/android/photos/data/PhotoDatabase.java
 com.android.photos.data.PhotoDatabase
com/android/photos/adapters/PhotoThumbnailAdapter.java
 com.android.photos.adapters.PhotoThumbnailAdapter
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/KeywordsBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.KeywordsBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/EC3SpecificBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.EC3SpecificBox
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.EC3SpecificBox$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/data/SizeClustering.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SizeClustering
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SizeClustering$1
com/android/gallery3d/exif/Rational.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.Rational
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleCommentBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleCommentBox
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/StringTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.StringTexture
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/RenderingRequest.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.RenderingRequest
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/vodafone/AlbumArtistBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.vodafone.AlbumArtistBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/CommonControllerOverlay.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.CommonControllerOverlay
 com.android.gallery3d.app.CommonControllerOverlay$State
com/android/photos/shims/BitmapJobDrawable.java
 com.android.photos.shims.BitmapJobDrawable
 com.android.photos.shims.BitmapJobDrawable$ThumbnailLoader
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterBrightness.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterBrightness
com/coremedia/iso/PropertyBoxParserImpl.java
 com.coremedia.iso.PropertyBoxParserImpl
 com.coremedia.iso.PropertyBoxParserImpl$FourCcToBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/util/CastUtils.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.util.CastUtils
com/android/gallery3d/util/MotionEventHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.MotionEventHelper
com/android/gallery3d/app/VideoUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.VideoUtils
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/ui/MtpImageView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.MtpImageView
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.MtpImageView$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.MtpImageView$FetchImageHandler
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.MtpImageView$ShowImageHandler
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/ultraviolet/BaseLocationBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.ultraviolet.BaseLocationBox
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/ui/MtpThumbnailTileView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.MtpThumbnailTileView
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/EditBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.EditBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/data/FilterStackSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.data.FilterStackSource
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/adaptivestreaming/VideoQuality.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.adaptivestreaming.VideoQuality
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/state/StatePanelTrack.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.StatePanelTrack
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.StatePanelTrack$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.StatePanelTrack$2
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterOpacity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterOpacity
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/crop/BoundedRect.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.BoundedRect
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/adaptivestreaming/AbstractManifestWriter.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.adaptivestreaming.AbstractManifestWriter
com/android/gallery3d/ui/PopupList.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PopupList
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PopupList$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PopupList$2
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PopupList$3
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PopupList$Item
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PopupList$ItemDataAdapter
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PopupList$OnPopupItemClickListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/IconView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.IconView
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/vodafone/LyricsUriBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.vodafone.LyricsUriBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SampleToChunkBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleToChunkBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleToChunkBox$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/util/PriorityThreadFactory.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.PriorityThreadFactory
 com.android.gallery3d.util.PriorityThreadFactory$1
com/googlecode/mp4parser/AbstractBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.AbstractBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/FaceClustering.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FaceClustering
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FaceClustering$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FaceClustering$FaceCluster
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/TrackReferenceTypeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.TrackReferenceTypeBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleTrackNumberBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleTrackNumberBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/piff/PlayReadyHeader.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.PlayReadyHeader
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.PlayReadyHeader$PlayReadyRecord
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.PlayReadyHeader$PlayReadyRecord$DefaulPlayReadyRecord
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.PlayReadyHeader$PlayReadyRecord$EmeddedLicenseStore
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.PlayReadyHeader$PlayReadyRecord$RMHeader
com/android/gallery3d/app/PhotoPage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$10
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$4
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$5
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$6
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$7
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$8
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$9
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$Model
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$MyDetailsSource
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPage$MyMenuVisibilityListener
com/android/gallery3d/ui/MeasureHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.MeasureHelper
com/android/gallery3d/util/Log.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.Log
com/android/gallery3d/jpegstream/JPEGInputStream.java
 com.android.gallery3d.jpegstream.JPEGInputStream
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/TrackExtendsBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.TrackExtendsBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/MovieBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.MovieBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/H264TrackImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.H264TrackImpl
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.H264TrackImpl$1
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.H264TrackImpl$NALActions
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.H264TrackImpl$ReaderWrapper
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.H264TrackImpl$SEIMessage
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.H264TrackImpl$SliceHeader
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.H264TrackImpl$SliceHeader$SliceType
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorRectView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorRectView
com/android/gallery3d/app/TimeBar.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TimeBar
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TimeBar$Listener
com/android/gallery3d/ui/GLView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GLView
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GLView$OnClickListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterColor.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterColor
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/Line.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.Line
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/PerformerBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.PerformerBox
com/android/gallery3d/picasasource/PicasaSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.picasasource.PicasaSource
 com.android.gallery3d.picasasource.PicasaSource$EmptyAlbumSet
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/BitmapCaller.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.BitmapCaller
com/android/gallery3d/app/StateManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.StateManager
 com.android.gallery3d.app.StateManager$StateEntry
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/ExtensionProfileLevelDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.ExtensionProfileLevelDescriptor
com/android/gallery3d/provider/GalleryProvider.java
 com.android.gallery3d.provider.GalleryProvider
 com.android.gallery3d.provider.GalleryProvider$1
 com.android.gallery3d.provider.GalleryProvider$PicasaColumns
 com.android.gallery3d.provider.GalleryProvider$PipeDataWriter
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/piff/TfrfBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.TfrfBox
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.TfrfBox$Entry
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/MLPSpecificBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.MLPSpecificBox
com/android/gallery3d/ui/DialogDetailsView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DialogDetailsView
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DialogDetailsView$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DialogDetailsView$2
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DialogDetailsView$DetailsAdapter
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/apple/QuicktimeTextSampleEntry.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.apple.QuicktimeTextSampleEntry
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/ui/SelectionRenderer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.ui.SelectionRenderer
com/android/gallery3d/data/UriSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.UriSource
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/OmaDrmAccessUnitFormatBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.OmaDrmAccessUnitFormatBox
com/android/gallery3d/anim/StateTransitionAnimation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.anim.StateTransitionAnimation
 com.android.gallery3d.anim.StateTransitionAnimation$1
 com.android.gallery3d.anim.StateTransitionAnimation$Spec
 com.android.gallery3d.anim.StateTransitionAnimation$Transition
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/DescriptionBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.DescriptionBox
com/android/gallery3d/util/AccessibilityUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.AccessibilityUtils
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/WidgetUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetUtils
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/info/HistogramView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.info.HistogramView
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.info.HistogramView$ComputeHistogramTask
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/CategoryAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.CategoryAdapter
com/android/gallery3d/ui/AbstractSlotRenderer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AbstractSlotRenderer
com/android/gallery3d/data/LocalAlbumSet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalAlbumSet
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalAlbumSet$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalAlbumSet$AlbumsLoader
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterTinyPlanet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterTinyPlanet
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/piff/UuidBasedProtectionSystemSpecificHeaderBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.UuidBasedProtectionSystemSpecificHeaderBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/HintMediaHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.HintMediaHeaderBox
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/IngestActivity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestActivity
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestActivity$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestActivity$2
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestActivity$3
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestActivity$4
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestActivity$ItemListHandler
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestActivity$PositionMappingCheckBroker
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestActivity$ProgressState
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleGroupingBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleGroupingBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/DataSourceType.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DataSourceType
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/MovieExtendsBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.MovieExtendsBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/UserBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.UserBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/GalleryActionBar.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryActionBar
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryActionBar$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryActionBar$ActionItem
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryActionBar$AlbumModeAdapter
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryActionBar$ClusterAdapter
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryActionBar$ClusterRunner
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryActionBar$OnAlbumModeSelectedListener
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/ProfileLevelIndicationDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.ProfileLevelIndicationDescriptor
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/crop/CropActivity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropActivity
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropActivity$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropActivity$BitmapIOTask
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropActivity$LoadBitmapTask
com/android/photos/AlbumSetFragment.java
 com.android.photos.AlbumSetFragment
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorDrawTabletUI.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDrawTabletUI
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDrawTabletUI$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDrawTabletUI$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDrawTabletUI$3
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDrawTabletUI$4
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDrawTabletUI$5
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDrawTabletUI$6
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/MediaSetSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.MediaSetSource
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.MediaSetSource$1
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.MediaSetSource$CheckedMediaSetSource
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.MediaSetSource$EmptySource
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleDescriptionBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleDescriptionBox
com/android/gallery3d/util/Profile.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.Profile
 com.android.gallery3d.util.Profile$1
 com.android.gallery3d.util.Profile$WatchEntry
 com.android.gallery3d.util.Profile$Watchdog
 com.android.gallery3d.util.Profile$Watchdog$1
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterDirectRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterDirectRepresentation
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/Texture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.Texture
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/BaseFiltersManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.BaseFiltersManager
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/IngestObjectInfo.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.IngestObjectInfo
com/android/gallery3d/data/TagClustering.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.TagClustering
 com.android.gallery3d.data.TagClustering$1
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/XmlBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.XmlBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/tools/MatrixFit.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.MatrixFit
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/FadeTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.FadeTexture
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorCompareView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorCompareView
com/android/gallery3d/data/MediaItem.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaItem
com/android/camera/DisableCameraReceiver.java
 com.android.camera.DisableCameraReceiver
com/android/photos/shims/LoaderCompatShim.java
 com.android.photos.shims.LoaderCompatShim
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleTvSeasonBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleTvSeasonBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/ImageSavingTask.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ImageSavingTask
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ImageSavingTask$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ImageSavingTask$SaveRequest
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ImageSavingTask$URIResult
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ImageSavingTask$UpdateBitmap
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ImageSavingTask$UpdatePreviewSaved
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ImageSavingTask$UpdateProgress
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleShowBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleShowBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/FilterEmptyPromptSet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FilterEmptyPromptSet
com/android/gallery3d/data/MediaObject.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaObject
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaObject$PanoramaSupportCallback
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/UnknownBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.UnknownBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/AbstractSampleEncryptionBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.AbstractSampleEncryptionBox
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.AbstractSampleEncryptionBox$Entry
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.AbstractSampleEncryptionBox$Entry$Pair
com/android/gallery3d/ui/PhotoView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$2
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$FullPicture
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$Listener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$Model
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$MyGestureListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$MyHandler
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$Picture
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$ScreenNailPicture
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$Size
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PhotoView$ZInterpolator
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleMeanBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleMeanBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/crop/CropView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropView
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropView$Mode
com/android/gallery3d/ui/ScrollerHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ScrollerHelper
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/cache/ImageLoader.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.cache.ImageLoader
com/android/gallery3d/ui/ScreenNail.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ScreenNail
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/ProcessingService.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ProcessingService
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ProcessingService$LocalBinder
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterContrast.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterContrast
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/Box.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.Box
com/android/gallery3d/util/RangeBoolArray.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.RangeBoolArray
com/android/gallery3d/app/TransitionStore.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TransitionStore
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/BasicParameterInt.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.BasicParameterInt
com/android/gallery3d/data/TimeClustering.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.Cluster
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SmallItem
 com.android.gallery3d.data.TimeClustering
 com.android.gallery3d.data.TimeClustering$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.TimeClustering$DateComparator
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/threegpp26245/FontTableBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.threegpp26245.FontTableBox
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.threegpp26245.FontTableBox$FontRecord
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/TitledSlider.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.TitledSlider
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.TitledSlider$1
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/DateBucket.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.DateBucket
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/read/BitstreamReader.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.read.BitstreamReader
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/SplineMath.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.SplineMath
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/UploadedTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.UploadedTexture
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.UploadedTexture$1
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.UploadedTexture$BorderKey
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleRecordingYearBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleRecordingYearBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/vodafone/ContentDistributorIdBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.vodafone.ContentDistributorIdBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterHue.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterHue
com/android/gallery3d/ui/OrientationSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.OrientationSource
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/GenreBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.GenreBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/AlbumPage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$4
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$5
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$6
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$7
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$MyDetailsSource
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPage$MyLoadingListener
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleNameBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleNameBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/ESDescriptorBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.ESDescriptorBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/crop/CropDrawingUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropDrawingUtils
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/WidgetConfigure.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetConfigure
com/android/gallery3d/common/ApiHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.ApiHelper
 com.android.gallery3d.common.ApiHelper$VERSION_CODES
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/CategoryView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.CategoryView
com/android/gallery3d/ui/SurfaceTextureScreenNail.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SurfaceTextureScreenNail
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ProtectionSchemeInformationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ProtectionSchemeInformationBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/builder/FragmentedMp4Builder.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.FragmentedMp4Builder
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.FragmentedMp4Builder$1
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.FragmentedMp4Builder$1Mdat
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterShadows.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterShadows
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/BTree.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.BTree
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/MovieFragmentBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.MovieFragmentBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/AppBridge.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AppBridge
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AppBridge$Server
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/DataEntryUrnBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.DataEntryUrnBox
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/GLCanvas.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLCanvas
com/android/gallery3d/ui/GestureRecognizer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GestureRecognizer
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GestureRecognizer$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GestureRecognizer$Listener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GestureRecognizer$MyDownUpListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GestureRecognizer$MyGestureListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GestureRecognizer$MyScaleListener
com/android/gallery3d/ui/AlbumSetSlidingWindow.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlidingWindow
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlidingWindow$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlidingWindow$AlbumCoverLoader
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlidingWindow$AlbumLabelLoader
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlidingWindow$AlbumSetEntry
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlidingWindow$EntryUpdater
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlidingWindow$Listener
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/DataReferenceBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.DataReferenceBox
com/android/gallery3d/util/SaveVideoFileUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.SaveVideoFileUtils
 com.android.gallery3d.util.SaveVideoFileUtils$1
 com.android.gallery3d.util.SaveVideoFileUtils$2
com/googlecode/mp4parser/annotations/ParseDetail.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.annotations.ParseDetail
com/android/gallery3d/util/MediaSetUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.MediaSetUtils
 com.android.gallery3d.util.MediaSetUtils$NameComparator
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterSaturated.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterSaturated
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorInfo.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorInfo
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SchemeInformationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SchemeInformationBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/tools/XmpPresets.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.XmpPresets
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.XmpPresets$XMresults
com/android/gallery3d/data/MtpClient.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MtpClient
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MtpClient$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MtpClient$Listener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterRedEyeRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterRedEyeRepresentation
com/android/gallery3d/BuildConfig.java
 com.android.gallery3d.BuildConfig
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/AppendTrack.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.AppendTrack
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/builder/SyncSampleIntersectFinderImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.SyncSampleIntersectFinderImpl
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.builder.SyncSampleIntersectFinderImpl$CacheTuple
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/tools/SaveImage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.SaveImage
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.SaveImage$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.SaveImage$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.SaveImage$3
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.SaveImage$4
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.SaveImage$5
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.SaveImage$Callback
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.SaveImage$ContentResolverQueryCallback
com/android/gallery3d/data/DownloadCache.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadCache
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadCache$DatabaseHelper
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadCache$DownloadTask
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadCache$Entry
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadCache$TaskProxy
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadCache$TaskProxy$1
com/android/gallery3d/data/Face.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.Face
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/CharCache.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.CharCache
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/write/CAVLCWriter.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.write.CAVLCWriter
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ParametericFilterRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ParametericFilterRepresentation
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/MtpDeviceIndex.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpDeviceIndex
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpDeviceIndex$ProgressListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpDeviceIndex$SortOrder
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterBasicRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterBasicRepresentation
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/basemediaformat/AvcNalUnitStorageBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.basemediaformat.AvcNalUnitStorageBox
com/android/gallery3d/common/FileCache.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.FileCache
 com.android.gallery3d.common.FileCache$1
 com.android.gallery3d.common.FileCache$CacheEntry
 com.android.gallery3d.common.FileCache$DatabaseHelper
 com.android.gallery3d.common.FileCache$FileEntry
 com.android.gallery3d.common.FileCache$FileEntry$Columns
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/SwapButton.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.SwapButton
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.SwapButton$SwapButtonListener
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/AbstractMediaHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.AbstractMediaHeaderBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/GalleryAppImpl.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryAppImpl
com/android/gallery3d/anim/Animation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.anim.Animation
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/VisualRandomAccessEntry.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.VisualRandomAccessEntry
com/android/gallery3d/ui/AnimationTime.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AnimationTime
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/FadeOutTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.FadeOutTexture
com/android/gallery3d/common/Entry.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.Entry
 com.android.gallery3d.common.Entry$Column
 com.android.gallery3d.common.Entry$Columns
 com.android.gallery3d.common.Entry$Table
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleTrackTitleBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleTrackTitleBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleLosslessSpecificBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleLosslessSpecificBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/PackagesMonitor.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PackagesMonitor
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PackagesMonitor$AsyncService
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/ApplePurchaseDateBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.ApplePurchaseDateBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorHueView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorHueView
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/QuicktimeTextTrackImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.QuicktimeTextTrackImpl
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.QuicktimeTextTrackImpl$Line
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/presets/PresetManagementDialog.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.presets.PresetManagementDialog
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/CategoryTrack.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.CategoryTrack
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.CategoryTrack$1
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/tools/IconFactory.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.tools.IconFactory
com/android/photos/shims/MediaItemsLoader.java
 com.android.photos.shims.MediaItemsLoader
 com.android.photos.shims.MediaItemsLoader$1
 com.android.photos.shims.MediaItemsLoader$2
 com.android.photos.shims.MediaItemsLoader$3
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/apple/TimeCodeBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.apple.TimeCodeBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/sampleentry/VisualSampleEntry.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.VisualSampleEntry
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/ui/FramedTextButton.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.ui.FramedTextButton
com/android/gallery3d/anim/FloatAnimation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.anim.FloatAnimation
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorOpacityView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorOpacityView
com/googlecode/mp4parser/util/Path.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.util.Path
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/RollRecoveryEntry.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.RollRecoveryEntry
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/vodafone/CoverUriBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.vodafone.CoverUriBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageDraw.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageDraw
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageDraw$1
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/Editor.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.Editor
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/SliderBrightness.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.SliderBrightness
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.SliderBrightness$1
com/android/gallery3d/app/AbstractGalleryActivity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AbstractGalleryActivity
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AbstractGalleryActivity$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AbstractGalleryActivity$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AbstractGalleryActivity$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AbstractGalleryActivity$4
com/android/gallery3d/data/LocalMergeAlbum.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalMergeAlbum
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalMergeAlbum$FetchCache
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/mdat/SampleList.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.mdat.SampleList
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/TimeToSampleBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.TimeToSampleBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.TimeToSampleBox$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/ui/AlbumSlotRenderer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlotRenderer
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlotRenderer$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlotRenderer$MyDataModelListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSlotRenderer$SlotFilter
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterExposure.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterExposure
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ChunkOffset64BitBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ChunkOffset64BitBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/AC3SpecificBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.AC3SpecificBox
com/android/gallery3d/util/RangeArray.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.RangeArray
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/GLPaint.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.GLPaint
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AbstractAppleMetaDataBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AbstractAppleMetaDataBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/mdat/DummyMap.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.mdat.DummyMap
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/ultraviolet/AssetInformationBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.ultraviolet.AssetInformationBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/LoadingListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.LoadingListener
com/coremedia/iso/Ascii.java
 com.coremedia.iso.Ascii
com/android/gallery3d/ui/EdgeEffect.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.EdgeEffect
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.EdgeEffect$Drawable
com/android/gallery3d/data/CameraShortcutImage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.CameraShortcutImage
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/GeometryMathUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.GeometryMathUtils
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.GeometryMathUtils$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.GeometryMathUtils$GeometryHolder
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/TrackMetaData.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.TrackMetaData
com/android/gallery3d/data/SingleItemAlbum.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SingleItemAlbum
com/android/gallery3d/ui/WakeLockHoldingProgressListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.WakeLockHoldingProgressListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterActionAndInt.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterActionAndInt
com/coremedia/iso/BoxParser.java
 com.coremedia.iso.BoxParser
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterSaturation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterSaturation
com/android/gallery3d/ui/TileImageView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageView
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageView$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageView$Tile
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageView$TileDecoder
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageView$TileDecoder$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageView$TileQueue
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageView$TileSource
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TileImageView$TileUploader
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/ui/DateTileView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.DateTileView
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterSet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterSet
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/history/HistoryItem.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.history.HistoryItem
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/ExtTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.ExtTexture
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorBrightnessView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorBrightnessView
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorZoom.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorZoom
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/cache/BitmapCache.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.cache.BitmapCache
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.cache.BitmapCache$BitmapTracking
com/android/gallery3d/data/UriImage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.UriImage
 com.android.gallery3d.data.UriImage$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.UriImage$BitmapJob
 com.android.gallery3d.data.UriImage$RegionDecoderJob
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/state/DragListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.DragListener
com/android/gallery3d/app/MovieControllerOverlay.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MovieControllerOverlay
 com.android.gallery3d.app.MovieControllerOverlay$1
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/CompositionTimeToSample.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.CompositionTimeToSample
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.CompositionTimeToSample$Entry
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/TemporalLevelEntry.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.TemporalLevelEntry
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleArtistBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleArtistBox
com/android/gallery3d/ui/UserInteractionListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.UserInteractionListener
com/android/gallery3d/ui/DetailsHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsHelper
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsHelper$CloseListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsHelper$DetailsSource
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsHelper$DetailsViewContainer
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.DetailsHelper$ResolutionResolvingListener
com/android/photos/MultiSelectGridFragment.java
 com.android.photos.MultiSelectGridFragment
 com.android.photos.MultiSelectGridFragment$1
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ExifParser.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifParser
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifParser$ExifTagEvent
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifParser$IfdEvent
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifParser$ImageEvent
com/android/gallery3d/ui/MenuExecutor.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.MenuExecutor
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.MenuExecutor$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.MenuExecutor$ConfirmDialogListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.MenuExecutor$MediaOperation
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.MenuExecutor$ProgressListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/FullresRenderingRequestTask.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.FullresRenderingRequestTask
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.FullresRenderingRequestTask$Render
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.FullresRenderingRequestTask$RenderResult
com/android/gallery3d/common/BitmapUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.BitmapUtils
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleMediaTypeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleMediaTypeBox
com/android/gallery3d/common/BlobCache.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.BlobCache
 com.android.gallery3d.common.BlobCache$LookupRequest
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/FreeSpaceBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.FreeSpaceBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/MediaDetails.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaDetails
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaDetails$FlashState
com/android/gallery3d/anim/AlphaAnimation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.anim.AlphaAnimation
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/ProcessingTaskController.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ProcessingTaskController
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ProcessingTaskController$1
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/ReplaceSampleTrack.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.ReplaceSampleTrack
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.ReplaceSampleTrack$1
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.ReplaceSampleTrack$ReplaceASingleEntryList
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/SilenceTrackImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.SilenceTrackImpl
com/android/gallery3d/util/UsageStatistics.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.UsageStatistics
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/DecoderConfigDescriptor.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.DecoderConfigDescriptor
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorDraw.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDraw
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDraw$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDraw$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorDraw$3
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ExifData.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifData
com/googlecode/mp4parser/annotations/DoNotParseDetail.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.annotations.DoNotParseDetail
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SampleDescriptionBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleDescriptionBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleRatingBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleRatingBox
com/android/gallery3d/util/ThreadPool.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ThreadPool
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ThreadPool$1
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ThreadPool$CancelListener
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ThreadPool$Job
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ThreadPool$JobContext
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ThreadPool$JobContextStub
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ThreadPool$ResourceCounter
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ThreadPool$Worker
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleAlbumArtistBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleAlbumArtistBox
com/android/gallery3d/ui/BitmapLoader.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.BitmapLoader
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/OriginalFormatBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.OriginalFormatBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/MetaBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.MetaBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/EditListBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.EditListBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.EditListBox$Entry
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SchemeTypeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SchemeTypeBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/UnlockImage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.UnlockImage
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/IngestService.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestService
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestService$LocalBinder
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.IngestService$ScannerClient
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/RateShareEntry.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.RateShareEntry
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.RateShareEntry$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/data/LocalMediaItem.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalMediaItem
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/SegmentTypeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.SegmentTypeBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/threegpp26244/LocationInformationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.threegpp26244.LocationInformationBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageShow.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageShow
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageShow$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageShow$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageShow$3
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageShow$4
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageShow$InteractionMode
com/android/gallery3d/app/ActivityState.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ActivityState
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ActivityState$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ActivityState$ResultEntry
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/ParametricEditor.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.ParametricEditor
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/SliderSaturation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.SliderSaturation
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.SliderSaturation$1
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/MediaInformationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.MediaInformationBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SubtitleMediaHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SubtitleMediaHeaderBox
com/android/gallery3d/ui/ManageCacheDrawer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ManageCacheDrawer
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/FileTypeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.FileTypeBox
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/WidgetTypeChooser.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetTypeChooser
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetTypeChooser$1
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetTypeChooser$2
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorCurves.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorCurves
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/FilterView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.FilterView
com/android/photos/data/NotificationWatcher.java
 com.android.photos.data.NotificationWatcher
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageCurves.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageCurves
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageCurves$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageCurves$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageCurves$ComputeHistogramTask
com/android/gallery3d/ui/ScrollBarView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ScrollBarView
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterMirrorRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterMirrorRepresentation
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterMirrorRepresentation$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterMirrorRepresentation$Mirror
com/android/gallery3d/util/FutureListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.FutureListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/RedEyeCandidate.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.RedEyeCandidate
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/MasterImage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.MasterImage
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.MasterImage$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.MasterImage$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.MasterImage$3
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/threegpp26244/SegmentIndexBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.threegpp26244.SegmentIndexBox
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.threegpp26244.SegmentIndexBox$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/data/FilterDeleteSet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FilterDeleteSet
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FilterDeleteSet$Deletion
 com.android.gallery3d.data.FilterDeleteSet$Request
com/android/gallery3d/ui/RelativePosition.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.RelativePosition
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/apple/GenericMediaHeaderAtom.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.apple.GenericMediaHeaderAtom
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/crop/CropObject.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropObject
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/WidgetClickHandler.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetClickHandler
com/android/gallery3d/app/StitchingProgressManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.StitchingProgressManager
com/android/gallery3d/data/ActionImage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ActionImage
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ActionImage$BitmapJob
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/ImagePreset.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.ImagePreset
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/Spline.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.Spline
com/android/gallery3d/common/LruCache.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.LruCache
 com.android.gallery3d.common.LruCache$1
 com.android.gallery3d.common.LruCache$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/util/HelpUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.HelpUtils
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/objectdescriptors/DecoderSpecificInfo.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.objectdescriptors.DecoderSpecificInfo
com/coremedia/iso/IsoTypeWriterVariable.java
 com.coremedia.iso.IsoTypeWriterVariable
com/android/gallery3d/app/PhotoPageBottomControls.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPageBottomControls
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoPageBottomControls$Delegate
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterColorBorder.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterColorBorder
com/android/gallery3d/app/BatchService.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.BatchService
 com.android.gallery3d.app.BatchService$LocalBinder
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SoundMediaHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SoundMediaHeaderBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleDataReferenceBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleDataReferenceBox
com/coremedia/iso/IsoTypeReaderVariable.java
 com.coremedia.iso.IsoTypeReaderVariable
com/android/gallery3d/exif/ExifModifier.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifModifier
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.ExifModifier$TagOffset
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/ui/IngestGridView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.IngestGridView
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.IngestGridView$OnClearChoicesListener
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/VUIParameters.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.VUIParameters
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.VUIParameters$BitstreamRestriction
com/coremedia/iso/AbstractBoxParser.java
 com.coremedia.iso.AbstractBoxParser
com/android/gallery3d/util/Holder.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.Holder
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterEdge.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterEdge
com/android/gallery3d/ui/BitmapScreenNail.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.BitmapScreenNail
com/android/gallery3d/app/ManageCachePage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ManageCachePage
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ManageCachePage$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ManageCachePage$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ManageCachePage$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.ManageCachePage$4
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/crop/CropExtras.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropExtras
com/android/gallery3d/ui/GLRootView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GLRootView
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GLRootView$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GLRootView$2
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.GLRootView$IdleRunner
com/android/gallery3d/util/UpdateHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.UpdateHelper
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterUserPresetRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterUserPresetRepresentation
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/SliderOpacity.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.SliderOpacity
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.SliderOpacity$1
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/adaptivestreaming/AudioQuality.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.adaptivestreaming.AudioQuality
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/Buffer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.Buffer
com/android/gallery3d/data/LocalAlbum.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.LocalAlbum
com/googlecode/mp4parser/FullContainerBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.FullContainerBox
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/WidgetDatabaseHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetDatabaseHelper
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetDatabaseHelper$1
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.WidgetDatabaseHelper$Entry
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/CanvasTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.CanvasTexture
com/android/photos/data/SparseArrayBitmapPool.java
 com.android.photos.data.SparseArrayBitmapPool
 com.android.photos.data.SparseArrayBitmapPool$Node
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SampleAuxiliaryInformationSizesBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SampleAuxiliaryInformationSizesBox
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/PhotoAppWidgetProvider.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.PhotoAppWidgetProvider
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/Track.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.Track
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/FadeInTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.FadeInTexture
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/SharedBuffer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.SharedBuffer
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/data/UserPresetsManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.data.UserPresetsManager
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.data.UserPresetsManager$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.data.UserPresetsManager$SaveOperation
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.data.UserPresetsManager$UpdateOperation
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/ColorTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.ColorTexture
com/android/gallery3d/data/SecureSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SecureSource
com/android/gallery3d/data/ComboAlbum.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ComboAlbum
com/android/gallery3d/ui/TiledScreenNail.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.TiledScreenNail
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/AbstractTrackEncryptionBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.AbstractTrackEncryptionBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterInteger.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterInteger
com/android/gallery3d/ui/ActionModeHandler.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ActionModeHandler
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ActionModeHandler$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ActionModeHandler$2
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ActionModeHandler$2$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ActionModeHandler$2$2
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ActionModeHandler$ActionModeListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.ActionModeHandler$GetAllPanoramaSupports
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/MovieFragmentHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.MovieFragmentHeaderBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/AbstractTrack.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.AbstractTrack
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleItemListBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleItemListBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/HRDParameters.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.HRDParameters
com/android/gallery3d/ui/SelectionManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SelectionManager
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SelectionManager$SelectionListener
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/SyncSampleBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.SyncSampleBox
com/android/gallery3d/exif/OrderedDataOutputStream.java
 com.android.gallery3d.exif.OrderedDataOutputStream
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ChunkOffsetBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ChunkOffsetBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/state/PanelTrack.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.PanelTrack
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/AACTrackImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.AACTrackImpl
com/android/gallery3d/data/EmptyAlbumImage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.EmptyAlbumImage
com/android/gallery3d/data/ImageCacheRequest.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ImageCacheRequest
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/NinePatchChunk.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.NinePatchChunk
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/BitRateBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.BitRateBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleReferenceMovieDescriptorBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleReferenceMovieDescriptorBox
com/android/photos/data/AlbumSetLoader.java
 com.android.photos.data.AlbumSetLoader
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorGridDialog.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorGridDialog
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorGridDialog$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorGridDialog$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorGridDialog$3
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorTinyPlanet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorTinyPlanet
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/piff/ProtectionSpecificHeader.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.piff.ProtectionSpecificHeader
com/android/gallery3d/app/PhotoDataAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$DataListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$FullImageJob
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$FullImageListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$GetUpdateInfo
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$ImageEntry
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$ImageFetch
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$ReloadTask
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$ScreenNailJob
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$ScreenNailListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$SourceListener
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$UpdateContent
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PhotoDataAdapter$UpdateInfo
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/TrackRunBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.TrackRunBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.TrackRunBox$Entry
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/MultiplyTimeScaleTrack.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.MultiplyTimeScaleTrack
com/android/photos/drawables/DataUriThumbnailDrawable.java
 com.android.photos.drawables.DataUriThumbnailDrawable
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleCopyrightBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleCopyrightBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/ContentListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ContentListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterFxRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterFxRepresentation
com/android/gallery3d/app/OrientationManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.OrientationManager
 com.android.gallery3d.app.OrientationManager$MyOrientationEventListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/presets/UserPresetsAdapter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.presets.UserPresetsAdapter
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.presets.UserPresetsAdapter$UserPresetViewHolder
com/android/gallery3d/data/SnailAlbum.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.SnailAlbum
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/sampleentry/SampleEntry.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.SampleEntry
com/android/gallery3d/util/IdentityCache.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.IdentityCache
 com.android.gallery3d.util.IdentityCache$Entry
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleStandardGenreBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleStandardGenreBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/CencSampleEncryptionInformationGroupEntry.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.CencSampleEncryptionInformationGroupEntry
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/state/StateView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.state.StateView
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/ui/ExportDialog.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.ui.ExportDialog
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.ui.ExportDialog$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.ui.ExportDialog$Watcher
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/SampleFlags.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.SampleFlags
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/ChangeTimeScaleTrack.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.ChangeTimeScaleTrack
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterWBalance.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterWBalance
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/TrackFragmentHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.TrackFragmentHeaderBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/Parameter.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.Parameter
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/sampleentry/MpegSampleEntry.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.MpegSampleEntry
com/android/gallery3d/util/Future.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.Future
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorStraighten.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorStraighten
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/EC3TrackImpl.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.EC3TrackImpl
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.EC3TrackImpl$BitStreamInfo
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorColorBorderTabletUI.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorderTabletUI
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorderTabletUI$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorderTabletUI$2
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorderTabletUI$3
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorderTabletUI$4
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorColorBorderTabletUI$5
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/BitstreamElement.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.BitstreamElement
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/Control.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.Control
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/UserDataBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.UserDataBox
com/coremedia/iso/Hex.java
 com.coremedia.iso.Hex
com/googlecode/mp4parser/util/Math.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.util.Math
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/SwipableView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.SwipableView
com/android/photos/AlbumActivity.java
 com.android.photos.AlbumActivity
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/info/InfoPanel.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.info.InfoPanel
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/GradControl.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.GradControl
com/android/gallery3d/app/GalleryContext.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.GalleryContext
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/DateHelper.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.DateHelper
com/android/gallery3d/util/BucketNames.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.BucketNames
com/android/gallery3d/util/SaveVideoFileInfo.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.SaveVideoFileInfo
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/basemediaformat/SampleEncryptionBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.basemediaformat.SampleEncryptionBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/TrackBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.TrackBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterStraightenRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterStraightenRepresentation
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/UpdatePreviewTask.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.UpdatePreviewTask
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterRedEye.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterRedEye
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/BitmapTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.BitmapTexture
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/DataEntryUrlBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.DataEntryUrlBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/imageshow/ImageCrop.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageCrop
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.imageshow.ImageCrop$Mode
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterNegative.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterNegative
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/RatingBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.RatingBox
com/android/gallery3d/ui/PositionController.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PositionController
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PositionController$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PositionController$Animatable
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PositionController$Box
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PositionController$FilmRatio
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PositionController$Gap
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PositionController$Listener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PositionController$Platform
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/h264/AvcConfigurationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.h264.AvcConfigurationBox
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.h264.AvcConfigurationBox$AVCDecoderConfigurationRecord
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/apple/GenericMediaHeaderTextAtom.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.apple.GenericMediaHeaderTextAtom
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleTvEpisodeBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleTvEpisodeBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/history/HistoryManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.history.HistoryManager
com/android/gallery3d/ui/AlbumLabelMaker.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumLabelMaker
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumLabelMaker$AlbumLabelJob
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumLabelMaker$LazyLoadedBitmap
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/ColorSaturationView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.ColorSaturationView
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/Amf0Track.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.Amf0Track
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.Amf0Track$1
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/editors/EditorMirror.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorMirror
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.editors.EditorMirror$1
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterCurves.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterCurves
com/android/gallery3d/app/TrimVideo.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TrimVideo
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TrimVideo$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TrimVideo$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TrimVideo$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TrimVideo$3$1
com/android/photos/PhotoFragment.java
 com.android.photos.PhotoFragment
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/crop/CropMath.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.crop.CropMath
com/android/gallery3d/ui/FlingScroller.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.FlingScroller
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/ui/MtpFullscreenView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.ui.MtpFullscreenView
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleTempBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleTempBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/Exif.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.Exif
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterTinyPlanetRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterTinyPlanetRepresentation
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/TrackReferenceBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.TrackReferenceBox
com/coremedia/iso/IsoTypeReader.java
 com.coremedia.iso.IsoTypeReader
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FiltersManager.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FiltersManager
com/android/gallery3d/app/SlideshowPage.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowPage
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowPage$1
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowPage$2
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowPage$3
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowPage$Model
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowPage$SequentialSource
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowPage$ShuffleSource
 com.android.gallery3d.app.SlideshowPage$Slide
com/android/photos/adapters/AlbumSetCursorAdapter.java
 com.android.photos.adapters.AlbumSetCursorAdapter
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/BitmapWithMetadata.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.BitmapWithMetadata
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/EditorPlaceHolder.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.EditorPlaceHolder
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/DivideTimeScaleTrack.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.DivideTimeScaleTrack
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/NinePatchTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.NinePatchInstance
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.NinePatchTexture
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.NinePatchTexture$1
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.NinePatchTexture$SmallCache
com/coremedia/iso/Utf8.java
 com.coremedia.iso.Utf8
com/android/gallery3d/ui/BitmapTileProvider.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.BitmapTileProvider
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/write/BitstreamWriter.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.write.BitstreamWriter
com/android/gallery3d/ui/AlbumSetSlotRenderer.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlotRenderer
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlotRenderer$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlotRenderer$LabelSpec
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.AlbumSetSlotRenderer$MyCacheListener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FiltersManagerInterface.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FiltersManagerInterface
com/android/gallery3d/data/MediaSet.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaSet
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaSet$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaSet$ItemConsumer
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaSet$MultiSetSyncFuture
 com.android.gallery3d.data.MediaSet$SyncListener
com/android/photos/views/HeaderGridView.java
 com.android.photos.views.HeaderGridView
 com.android.photos.views.HeaderGridView$1
 com.android.photos.views.HeaderGridView$FixedViewInfo
 com.android.photos.views.HeaderGridView$FullWidthFixedViewLayout
 com.android.photos.views.HeaderGridView$HeaderViewGridAdapter
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/apple/TaptAtom.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.apple.TaptAtom
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/ParameterIconStyle.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.ParameterIconStyle
com/android/gallery3d/app/AlbumPicker.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.AlbumPicker
com/android/gallery3d/glrenderer/TextureUploader.java
 com.android.gallery3d.glrenderer.TextureUploader
com/android/gallery3d/util/IntentHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.IntentHelper
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterRepresentation
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleAlbumBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleAlbumBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/HandlerBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.HandlerBox
com/android/gallery3d/app/NotificationIds.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.NotificationIds
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/MediaHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.MediaHeaderBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/colorpicker/RGBListener.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.colorpicker.RGBListener
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/WriteListener.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.WriteListener
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/mdat/MediaDataBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.mdat.MediaDataBox
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterKMeans.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterKMeans
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/sampleentry/AudioSampleEntry.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.AudioSampleEntry
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/IconUtilities.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.IconUtilities
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.IconUtilities$1
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/SeqParameterSet.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.SeqParameterSet
com/android/gallery3d/app/PanoramaMetadataSupport.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.PanoramaMetadataSupport
com/coremedia/iso/ChannelHelper.java
 com.coremedia.iso.ChannelHelper
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/FilterRotateRepresentation.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterRotateRepresentation
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterRotateRepresentation$1
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.FilterRotateRepresentation$Rotation
com/coremedia/iso/IsoFile.java
 com.coremedia.iso.IsoFile
com/googlecode/mp4parser/h264/model/AspectRatio.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.h264.model.AspectRatio
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/basemediaformat/TrackEncryptionBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.basemediaformat.TrackEncryptionBox
com/android/gallery3d/data/PanoramaMetadataJob.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.PanoramaMetadataJob
com/android/gallery3d/util/ProfileData.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ProfileData
 com.android.gallery3d.util.ProfileData$Node
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/filters/ImageFilterBorder.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.filters.ImageFilterBorder
com/android/gallery3d/ingest/data/MtpClient.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpClient
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpClient$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ingest.data.MtpClient$Listener
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/pipeline/RenderingRequestTask.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.RenderingRequestTask
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.RenderingRequestTask$Render
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.pipeline.RenderingRequestTask$RenderResult
com/android/gallery3d/gadget/LocalPhotoSource.java
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.LocalPhotoSource
 com.android.gallery3d.gadget.LocalPhotoSource$1
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/controller/BasicSlider.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.BasicSlider
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.controller.BasicSlider$1
com/android/gallery3d/common/Utils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.common.Utils
com/android/gallery3d/util/FilterShowHelper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.util.FilterShowHelper
com/android/photos/SelectionManager.java
 com.android.photos.SelectionManager
 com.android.photos.SelectionManager$1
 com.android.photos.SelectionManager$SelectedUriSource
com/android/gallery3d/ui/PreparePageFadeoutTexture.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.PreparePageFadeoutTexture
com/android/gallery3d/data/ClusterAlbum.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ClusterAlbum
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ClusterAlbum$1
 com.android.gallery3d.data.ClusterAlbum$2
com/android/gallery3d/app/TrimTimeBar.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.TrimTimeBar
com/android/photos/MultiChoiceManager.java
 com.android.photos.MultiChoiceManager
 com.android.photos.MultiChoiceManager$BulkDeleteTask
 com.android.photos.MultiChoiceManager$Delegate
 com.android.photos.MultiChoiceManager$Provider
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/sampleentry/Ovc1VisualSampleEntryImpl.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.sampleentry.Ovc1VisualSampleEntryImpl
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleCompilationBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleCompilationBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/cenc/ProtectionSystemSpecificHeaderBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.cenc.ProtectionSystemSpecificHeaderBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/ItemProtectionBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.ItemProtectionBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/srt/SrtParser.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.srt.SrtParser
com/googlecode/mp4parser/authoring/tracks/CroppedTrack.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.authoring.tracks.CroppedTrack
com/android/gallery3d/ui/Paper.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.EdgeAnimation
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.Paper
com/android/gallery3d/filtershow/category/CategorySelected.java
 com.android.gallery3d.filtershow.category.CategorySelected
com/android/gallery3d/data/DownloadUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadUtils
 com.android.gallery3d.data.DownloadUtils$1
com/android/gallery3d/ui/SlotView.java
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$1
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$IntegerAnimation
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$Layout
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$Listener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$MyGestureListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$RisingAnimation
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$ScatteringAnimation
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$SimpleListener
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$SlotAnimation
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$SlotRenderer
 com.android.gallery3d.ui.SlotView$Spec
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/fragment/MovieExtendsHeaderBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.fragment.MovieExtendsHeaderBox
com/coremedia/iso/boxes/apple/AppleIdBox.java
 com.coremedia.iso.boxes.apple.AppleIdBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/SampleGroupDescriptionBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.SampleGroupDescriptionBox
com/googlecode/mp4parser/boxes/mp4/samplegrouping/SampleToGroupBox.java
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.SampleToGroupBox
 com.googlecode.mp4parser.boxes.mp4.samplegrouping.SampleToGroupBox$Entry
com/android/photos/views/TiledImageView.java
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageView
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageView$1
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageView$2
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageView$ColoredTiles
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageView$ImageRendererWrapper
 com.android.photos.views.TiledImageView$TileRenderer
com/android/gallery3d/app/FilterUtils.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.FilterUtils
com/android/gallery3d/app/Log.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Log
com/android/gallery3d/app/Gallery.java
 com.android.gallery3d.app.Gallery
